This release is still considered experimental, but is now enabled to run on main
net too. The DGS milestone block is set to 210000 for main net. A stable release
is expected before that, but all exchanges and websites should already start
trying the 1.2.1e release, because the upgrade to 1.2.2 stable will be mandatory
before block 210000.

Multiple bugfixes in DGS and Alias Transfer transaction validation. Restricted
some types of alias and DGS transactions to one per alias / DGS purchase per
block.

Alias sale transactions now use null recipient instead of genesis when the sale
is open to any buyer. Alias buy transaction uses amountNQT instead of priceNQT
parameter, as the price is being stored in the amount field anyway.

GetDGSGoods request now always skips delisted goods.

Improved handling of IPv6 addresses.

Improved the http://localhost:7876/test interface by adding support for tagging
of API requests in multiple categories. All http API requests are now classified
under separate tabs for easier navigation.

Reduced startup time by running in parallel the initial peer loading and address
resolution, and the initial blockchain scanning.

To improve database performance, transactions that do not have a recipient now
have null instead of the genesis account id as recipient in the transactions
table. Such transactions will also not have a recipient field in their JSON.

Added support for pagination to the getAccountTransactionIds API. The results
are now returned sorted by timestamp in descending order.

Added getAccountTransactions API also returning the full transactions json.

Refresh peer info for already connected peers every hour.

Call setReuseAddress(true) for all jetty ServerConnectors.

Refactoring of transaction attachment handling. Added support for transaction
versions and global options. Transactions will switch to version 1 at DGS block.

Added Message and EncryptedMessage attachments that can be attached to any
transaction types, and can have either text or binary content. All APIs that
create a new transaction now accept additional parameters to allow attaching
a Message or EncryptedMessage (or both). This removes the need for creating
new transaction types for encrypted messages or payments with messages.

After DGS milestone block, Asset Transfer transactions can no longer have a
"comment" field. Switch to using a plain text "message" attachment instead.

Added transaction attachment versioning. Transactions of version 1 and later
will have a version field in the attachment too, which allows future optional
changes to one attachment type only, e.g. adding expiration field to asset issue
attachment without having to add a new transaction type.

Added PublicKeyAnnouncement attachment. Those will be accepted after DGS block,
but only enforced after block 215000. After that block, transactions with
recipient account that does not have a public key will be required to have such
an attachment in order to announce and set the public key of the reciepient.
To add a PublicKeyAnnouncement, just add a "recipientPublicKey" parameter with
the hex-encoded public key string when sending the first transaction to that
account. It is harmless (but useless) to keep adding the same recipientPublicKey
for further transactions to the same account. But trying to set a different
public key for an account that already has a public key will result in rejection
of the transaction.

The getAccountId request can be used to get the public key for a secret phrase 
(even when not yet announced to the blockchain).

Added first part of Economic Clustering - fork detection. After DGS block, each
transaction will include a reference to a recent blockId. For now this is used
only to detect forks, and transactions refering to a different fork are still
not rejected.

Next step of Transparent Forging will be enabled at block 215000: accounts that
miss their turn to forge will not be able to forge for the next one hour.

Updated jetty to version 9.2.2 and bouncycastle to version 1.51.

This release will cause a reset of testnet, deleting blocks and transactions
after block 117907.

Client Updates:

Redesign login page.

Multilingual interface. Some translations are incomplete and still considered
experimental.

Most forms now allow you to add an encrypted or public message to them.

Added public key announcement support.

Passphrase login length check.

Automatically enable certain features at DGS block.

Several DGS bug fixes.


