This is an experimental release. It is a required update for all testnet nodes,
but is also possible to run on main net.

Peer networking improvements.

Announced addresses are always verified to resolve back to the peer address and
not accepted if they don't. Old peer instances and old announced addresses are
removed when a peer with dynamic IP changes address.

If nxt.maxNumberOfKnownPeers (default 2000) is exceeded, the peers pool size is
reduced back to nxt.minNumberOfKnownPeers (default 1000), keeping the highest
hallmarked peers first.

Peers are only identified by IP address now, not by address and port. Multiple
nodes sharing the same IP address will be treated as one peer, with announced
address and port as of the most recent GetInfo request or response sent out of
or received from this address.

Incompatible change: If using non-default port, the hallmark must also include
that port, otherwise the hallmark is ignored.

Optimizations in unconfirmed transaction propagation. When forwarding newly
received unconfirmed transactions to peers, if their count exceeds 10, the
broadcast is done in multiple batches of 10. When requesting unconfirmed
transactions from a peer, the ids of the transactions currently in the pool
are included in the request, so that the remote node does not need to include
them in the response. The response size is also limited to 100 transactions,
unless the requesting node does not provide such exclude parameter.

Each tagged data can now also have a channel field. The searchTaggedData API
can filter the search results by channel, and a new getChannelTaggedData API
has been added to retrieve tagged data by channel, optionally filtered by
account too.

Fixed the UI for AddPeer and BlacklistPeer to accept admin password if needed.

"Approve Transaction" action is now available in the transaction info actions
tab.

"Reveal Secret" field is added to the "Approve Transaction" modal when voting
model is "By Hash".

Enhanced the /test page to accept and pre-fill the test forms with any parameter
values supplied in the url, e.g.:
http://localhost:7876/test?requestType=getBlocks&lastIndex=10&includeTransactions=true


This release will perform a full rescan on test net.

