Improved fork resolution by allowing a better difficulty block pushed from a
peer to replace the current last block.

When forging, do not accept a peer block with hit time after the next hit time
of a currently forging account (i.e. prevent front-running in forging).

Removed the possibility of a forger to miss his turn. Even if late, the block
will still be generated and submitted.

Delay forging and submission of blocks by 20 s, configurable via the
nxt.forgingDelay property, in order to be able to accumulate more transactions
in the forged block. The arrival of a front-running block from a peer however
cancels that delay and the next block is generated up to 3 s earlier instead,
which can be controlled via the nxt.forgingSpeedup property.

The above time shifts apply to the physical time of block generation and
submission only. Block timestamps are always fixed by the forging algorithm
within 1 s accuracy, and are not possible to modify.

Better logging of peer networking errors. Log, but do not blacklist missing or
malformed JSON responses.

UI for adding and blacklisting peers. Blacklisting from the UI is possible
only when admin password is not needed (disabled or running on localhost).

Database optimization. Moved the public key of accounts, transaction senders,
and block forgers to a separate table, resulting in 15% reduction of total
database size. This change will be performed at first start and will take some
time. A shutdown after the first start is recommended to compact the database.

Forging API improvements: getForging and stopForging now allow access using
admin password instead of account secret phrase. This respectively retrieves
the status of, or stops the forging of, all currently forging accounts. As
with other admin password protected APIs, password is not required when the
API server is listening on the localhost interface only. The getState API now
also returns a needsAdminPassword boolean, to indicate this.

Enforce that the nxt-default.properties file used matches the version of the
current release.

Added currency distribution dialog invoked using a link from the currency 
transaction info dialog.
