This is an experimental release. It is a required update for all testnet nodes,
but is also possible to run on main net.

Added getAllPrunableMessages API, returning all currently available prunable
messages in reverse block timestamp order.

Added verifyPrunableMessage API, which can be used to verify that a prunable
message obtained from another node (a service provider) matches the hash found
in the blockchain, i.e. has not been tampered with.

Show maxPrunableLifetime setting in getState and getBlockchainStatus. Show
current number of prunable messages in getState.

Changing the nxt.maxPrunableLifetime property now also affects existing
prunable messages (next time pruning is run), as transaction timestamps instead
of expiration timestamps are now used.

Reverted DGS goods delivery maximum size to 10 kbytes, same as in 1.4. For
goods of a larger size, a prunable encrypted message should be included in the
delivery instead.

Removed core restriction on 28 byte minimum prunable message length, this will
be checked by the client UI only.

Added nxt.includeExpiredPrunables property, to be able to force to still
include the prunable parts in the returned transaction JSON, even if expired,
as long as they are still available. Can be used to force an archival node to
always return those, thus allowing another archival node that feeds from it to
also get all of them.

Limit the number of unconfirmed transactions that can be brought in memory to
nxt.maxUnconfirmedTransactions, no limit by default. If set, transactions with
lowest fee/size ratio are dropped from the unconfirmed pool first. The ordering
is same as the one used when selecting which transactions to include in a new
block.

Added requeueUnconfirmedTransactions debug API.

Added support for uncompressed non-prunable encrypted messages and encrypted
to self messages, as a new appendix version, to avoid the need to specify the
compression status as a request parameter when reading them.

Added setLogging API, to allow changing log levels without having to restart
the server.

Added eventRegister and eventWait APIs, to be used for registering listeners
and waiting for server events instead of polling.

Changed the parameters accepted by broadcastTransaction. The prunable parts
must be submitted either in the transactionJSON, or, if using transactionBytes,
in a new prunableAttachmentJSON parameter, which has the same format as the
transaction attachment json. The prunableAttachmentJSON is also returned by
the signTransaction and getTransactionBytes APIs now.

Added support for prunable plain and encrypted messages in the client UI.

Added optional buyer parameter to getDGSGoodsPurchases API.

Voting system UI improvements and bugfixes.

